---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: default
---

# Gaiwan

Gaiwan is a provider of technological solutions grown out of the consulting and
development work of Arne Brasseur. In the past decade I've become known as a
reliable partner who delivers, and have built up expertise through continuous
study, shipping software, and teaching others.

Gaiwan is driven by the same principles that made my work successful in the
past. Our job is to find a path from a business need to a technical solution,
and we do so by working closely with customers to come up with pragmatic
solutions that work.

We are highly opinionated when it comes to chosing the software components we
build on, to ensure we can deliver quality and reliability within time and
budget.

## Client work

### Nextjournal

[Nextjournal](https://nextjournal.com/) is offering a Data Science product that
aims to solve some of the issues faced by scientific publishing.

We have worked with Nextjournal for a large part of their journey, providing
consulting to make sure their team could stay on track. This has included
tooling improvements, architectural feedback, improvements to their testing
approaches, and one-on-one coaching sessions with their developers.

### Eleven

[Eleven](http://runeleven.com/) is on a mission to end suffering in the world of
accounting. They are building an ambitious new accounting product that needs to
lift accounting practices into the 21st century.

Eleven chose the business intelligence tool [Metabase](http://metabase.com) so
they could put flexible querying capabilities into the hands of their clients.
Gaiwan was commissioned to create the [Datomic database
driver](https://github.com/plexus/metabase-datomic) for Metabase, and worked
with Eleven to integrate Metabase into their system.

### Mein Grundeinkommen

The German non-profit Mein Grundeinkommen strives for the introduction of basic
income. The money they collect through fund-raising is used to provide people
with basic income for a year through a lottery system.

The selection of new beneficiaries is preceded by large on-line campaigns where
people register for the lottery, and possible become patrons.

We assisted Mein Grundeinkommen with the construction and load testing of these
campaign workflows. We also created an internal tool for them called Marimba,
which allowed them to run their mass email campaigns efficiently with a fraction
of the cost.

## Our own projects

### Lambda Island

[Lambda Island](https://lambdaisland.com) is our technical brand, aimed at
developers who want to become better at what they do. It forms a key part of the
Gaiwan success formula. By constantly researching deep technical topics and
making them easily digestable we build up a knowledge and expertise in-house,
which directly improves our client work.

### Lambda Island Open Source

All Gaiwan engineers are active open source contributors, and we have several
open source libraries we created and maintain, available through the Lambda
Island brand.

These projects often stem from needs we saw in client projects, or in the
community in general. By opening them up we make sure we can use these building
blocks on subsequent projects. It also enables contributions from other members
of the technical community.

### Heart of Clojure

Gaiwan GmbH is the initiator and legal entity backing the Heart of Clojure
community conference. We provide the organizational infratructure to be able to
pull off such an event, and manage a big chunk of the work that goes into
organizing. We also provide a "parachute sponsorship", patching up any holes in
the budget that may arise.

## Imprint

Gaiwan GmbH <br>
Kinzigstr. 26<br>
10247 Berlin, Germany<br>
HRB 204912<br>
VAT ID: DE323279720<br>

Get in touch: [contact@gaiwan.co](mailto:contact@gaiwan.co)
